Docs fixes arising from testing the local deployment workflow for mobile. (#723)
spatialos/gdk-for-unity: docs/content/get-started/build-workers.md

  <br/>**NOTE:** Building workers for the first time may take a while (about 10 minutes). Why not make yourself a cup of tea or check out [our Youtube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7BE8B2yUeQxPvZytk47NYw/videos) while you wait?
  <br/>
  
> When you build your workers you may see the following errors in the Unity console: 
> <br/>`The worker "iOSClient" cannot be built for a Cloud deployment: your Unity Editor is missing build support for iOS. Please add the missing build support options to your Unity Editor.`
> <br/><br/>`The worker "AndroidClient" cannot be built for a Cloud deployment: your Unity Editor is missing build support for Android.Please add the missing build support options to your Unity Editor.`<br/>

> > <br/>These errors can be ignored if you are not developing a game for Android or iOS

Reviewer: I've actually edited this on Jamie's branch to make it active voice and imperative so it's consistent with the rest of the text, as well a moved it where the build errors are below. (I think it makes sense as part of the build errors information?!)

This is in a set of instructions for the getting started using the GDK; our user is just following instructions; they are not developing a game for Android, so the text doesn't really make sense as-is.
I think the text on Jamie's branch (wh

Author: If I merge prior to Jamie that should land regardless of my PR. I agree that this could be more active and succinct.

> > <br/>These errors can be ignored if you are not developing a game for Android or iOS

Reviewer: Passive voice, so (sorry, missed this first time)...
```suggestion
> <br/>You can ignore these errors if you are not developing a game for Android or iOS
```
